#180 Fix documentation and migration guide for SSE (#181)
javalin/javalin.github.io: pages/docs/docs.md

{% endcapture %}
{% include macros/docsSnippet.html java=java kotlin=kotlin %}

Clients are automatically closed when leaving the handler, if you need to use the client outside the handler, you can use `client.keepAlive()`:

{% capture java %}
Queue<SseClient> clients = new ConcurrentLinkedQueue<SseClient>();

app.sse("/sse", client -> {
    client.keepAlive();
    client.onClose(() - > clients.remove(client));
    clients.add(client);
});
{% endcapture %}
{% capture kotlin %}
val clients = ConcurrentLinkedQueue<SseClient>()

app.sse("/sse") { client ->
    client.keepAlive()
    client.onClose { clients.remove(client) }
    clients.add(client)
}
{% endcapture %}
{% include macros/docsSnippet.html java=java kotlin=kotlin %}

### SseClient API

```java
sendEvent("myMessage")                      // calls emit("message", "myMessage", noId)
sendEvent("eventName", "myMessage")         // calls emit("eventName", "myMessage", noId)
sendEvent("eventName", "myMessage", "id")   // calls emit("eventName", "myMessage", "id")

> sendComment("myComment")                    // calls emit("comment")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sendComment("myComment")                    // calls emit("myComment")
```

onClose(runnable)                           // callback which runs when a client closes its connection

> keepAlive()                                 // keeps the connection alive outside of the handler (to notify it from other sources)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
keepAlive()                                 // keeps the connection alive. useful if you want to keep a list of clients to broadcast to.
```
